{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red110\green110\blue110;\red255\green255\blue255;\red31\green31\blue31;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c50588\c50588\c50588;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c16471\c16471\c16471;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid302\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}
{\list\listtemplateid8\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid701\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid8}
{\list\listtemplateid9\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid801\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid9}
{\list\listtemplateid10\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid901\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid10}
{\list\listtemplateid11\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1001\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid11}
{\list\listtemplateid12\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid12}
{\list\listtemplateid13\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid13}
{\list\listtemplateid14\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid14}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}{\listoverride\listid8\listoverridecount0\ls8}{\listoverride\listid9\listoverridecount0\ls9}{\listoverride\listid10\listoverridecount0\ls10}{\listoverride\listid11\listoverridecount0\ls11}{\listoverride\listid12\listoverridecount0\ls12}{\listoverride\listid13\listoverridecount0\ls13}{\listoverride\listid14\listoverridecount0\ls14}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww26380\viewh20980\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
PRIVACY POLICY - CONQUEST OF SHADOWS\cb1 \
\cb3 Effective Date: November 21, 2025
\fs32 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 This privacy policy governs your use of the software application Conquest of Shadows ("Application") for mobile devices that was created by L&L Programming. The Application is a multiplayer strategy game where players build empires, train armies, explore territories, and engage in tactical combat on a persistent hex-based map.\cb1 \
\cb3 What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?\cb1 \
\cb3 User Provided Information:\cb1 \
\cb3 The Application obtains the information you provide when you download and register the Application. Registration is required to play the Application and uses Firebase Authentication.\cb1 \
\cb3 When you register with us and use the Application, you generally provide:\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(a) your email address and password for account creation via Firebase Authentication\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(b) your player display name and character class selection (Warrior, Wizard, Cleric, or Paladin)\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(c) transaction-related information, such as when you make in-app purchases for Adventuring Points or Resource Bundles\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(d) information you provide us when you contact us for help\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(e) credit card information for in-app purchases processed through the Apple App Store\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(f) information you enter into our system when using the Application, such as:\'a0\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Game progress (level, experience, dominion points)\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl1\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Territory ownership and building placements on the game map\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl1\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Army compositions and military actions\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl1\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Dungeon exploration progress\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl1\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Item inventory and spell selections\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl1\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Resource generation and management data\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl1\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Exploration mission data and rewards\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(g) Game Center credentials if you choose to connect Game Center for achievements and leaderboards\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 We may also use the information you provided us to contact you from time to time to provide you with important information, required notices, and marketing promotions.\cb1 \
\cb3 Automatically Collected Information\cb1 \
\cb3 In addition, the Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to:\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The type of mobile device you use\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Your mobile device's unique device ID\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The IP address of your mobile device\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Your mobile operating system version\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The type of mobile Internet browsers you use\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Information about the way you use the Application\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Analytics data regarding game usage, session duration, feature interaction, and gameplay patterns\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Network connectivity status for online multiplayer functionality\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 Cloud-Based Data Storage\cb1 \
\cb3 Conquest of Shadows is an online multiplayer game that stores all game state data on cloud servers powered by Google Firebase and Google Cloud Run. This includes:\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Your account information and authentication credentials (encrypted)\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
All gameplay data (territories, armies, resources, buildings, items)\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Combat history and battle statistics\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Exploration mission data\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
In-app purchase transaction records\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Real-time game state for multiplayer interactions\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 This cloud-based architecture enables the persistent multiplayer world and ensures your progress is saved and accessible across devices.\cb1 \
\cb3 Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?\cb1 \
\cb3 This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device. The game does not require or use location services.\cb1 \
\cb3 Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?\cb1 \
\cb3 Yes. We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.\cb1 \
\cb3 We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
As required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
When we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
With our trusted service providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement, including:\'a0\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl1\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Google Firebase (authentication and database services)\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl1\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Google Cloud Platform (backend server hosting)\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl1\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Apple (Game Center integration and payment processing)\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
If L&L Programming is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice within the Application of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
To analytics companies as described in the section below\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 Automatic Data Collection and Analytics\cb1 \
\cb3 We may work with analytics companies to help us understand how the Application is being used, such as the frequency and duration of usage, which features are most popular, and how players progress through the game. This helps us improve the Application and provide a better gaming experience.\cb1 \
\cb3 These analytics may collect:\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Device information (model, OS version, unique device ID)\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls5\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Session information (duration, frequency, feature usage)\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls5\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Game progression metrics (level achieved, territories owned, battles fought)\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls5\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Technical performance data (crashes, errors, loading times)\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 To protect your privacy, we use encryption and anonymization techniques to ensure that third parties cannot identify you personally based on this data.\cb1 \
\cb3 What are my opt-out rights?\cb1 \
\cb3 Opt-out of all information collection by uninstalling the Application\cb1 \
\cb3 You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.\cb1 \
\cb3 Please note that uninstalling the Application does not automatically delete your account or game data from our servers. If you wish to have your account and all associated data permanently deleted, please contact us at\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:LLProgramming@yahoo.com"}}{\fldrslt LLProgramming@yahoo.com}}.\cb1 \
\cb3 Opt-out of Game Center\cb1 \
\cb3 You can disconnect your Game Center account from the Application through your iOS device settings. This will prevent sharing of achievements and leaderboard data, but will not affect your ability to play the game.\cb1 \
\cb3 Opt-out of analytics trackingYou can limit analytics tracking on your iOS device by:\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Going to Settings > Privacy & Security > Analytics & Improvements\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls6\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Disabling "Share iPhone Analytics" and "Share with App Developers"\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information\cb1 \
\cb3 We will retain User Provided data for as long as you use the Application and for a reasonable time thereafter. We will retain Automatically Collected information for up to 24 months and thereafter may store it in aggregate.\cb1 \
\cb3 Account DeletionIf you'd like us to delete your account and all associated User Provided Data, please contact us at\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:LLProgramming@yahoo.com"}}{\fldrslt LLProgramming@yahoo.com}}. Upon receiving your request, we will:\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Permanently delete your player account\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls7\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Remove all your territories and buildings from the game map\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls7\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Delete all your armies, resources, and inventory data\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls7\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Remove your combat and exploration history\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls7\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Delete your authentication credentials\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 We will respond to deletion requests within a reasonable time (typically 30 days). Please note that some information may be retained in backup systems for up to 90 days.\cb1 \
\cb3 Anonymized Data\cb1 \
\cb3 Even after account deletion, we may retain anonymized, aggregated data that cannot be used to identify you personally. This data is used for analytics and improving the game experience.\cb1 \
\cb3 Children\cb1 \
\cb3 We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13.\cb1 \
\cb3 The Application is rated for ages 12+ due to mild fantasy violence. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child under 13 has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:LLProgramming@yahoo.com"}}{\fldrslt LLProgramming@yahoo.com}}. We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.\cb1 \
\cb3 Security\cb1 \
\cb3 We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain.\cb1 \
\cb3 Security measures include:\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls8\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Encryption of authentication credentials and sensitive data\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls8\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Secure HTTPS communication between the Application and our servers\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls8\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Server-side validation of all game actions to prevent cheating\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls8\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Firebase security rules that restrict data access to authorized users only\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls8\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Regular security audits of our backend infrastructure\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls8\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Access controls limiting employee access to user data\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 Please be aware that, although we endeavor to provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches. We cannot guarantee the absolute security of your information.\cb1 \
\cb3 In-App Purchases\cb1 \
\cb3 The Application offers in-app purchases for:\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls9\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Adventuring Points\'a0(5 AP for $0.99) - Used for dungeon exploration\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls9\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Resource Bundles\'a0(1000 gold, iron, lumber, and stone for $0.99) - Used for building and army training\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls9\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Ad Removal - To remove advertisements.\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 All payment processing is handled securely through the Apple App Store. We do not directly collect or store your credit card information.\cb1 \
\cb3 Purchase receipts are validated with Apple's servers to ensure transaction authenticity. We maintain a record of completed transactions (transaction ID, product purchased, date) to prevent fraud and provide customer support, but this record does not include your payment information.\cb1 \
\cb3 Please refer to Apple's Privacy Policy for information on how they handle payment information.\cb1 \
\cb3 Firebase and Google Cloud Services\cb1 \
\cb3 The Application uses Google Firebase for authentication and data storage, as well as Google Cloud Run for backend game logic. These services process and store your game data according to Google's privacy policies and security standards.\cb1 \
\cb3 Data stored with Firebase and Google Cloud:\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls10\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Account credentials (encrypted)\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls10\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Game state (territories, armies, resources, buildings)\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls10\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Player statistics and progression\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls10\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Combat and exploration history\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls10\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
In-app purchase validation records\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 Google's infrastructure provides enterprise-grade security and reliability. For more information about how Google handles data, please review the\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://policies.google.com/privacy"}}{\fldrslt Google Privacy Policy}}\'a0and\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy"}}{\fldrslt Firebase Privacy Information}}.\cb1 \
\cb3 Game Center Integration\cb1 \
\cb3 The Application integrates with Apple's Game Center for features such as:\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls11\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Achievement tracking (battle victories, territory control, spell mastery, boss defeats)\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls11\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Leaderboards (dominion points, level progression)\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 When you connect to Game Center, your Game Center information is governed by Apple's Privacy Policy. We only receive your Game Center player ID and public information you choose to share (such as your Game Center nickname). We do not have access to your personal Apple ID or contact information.\cb1 \
\cb3 You can disconnect Game Center at any time through your iOS device settings without affecting your ability to play Conquest of Shadows.\cb1 \
\cb3 Multiplayer Interactions\cb1 \
\cb3 Conquest of Shadows is a multiplayer game where your actions are visible to other players, including:\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls12\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Your display name (visible to all players)\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls12\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Your territory ownership on the shared game map\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls12\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Your building placements (castles, bases)\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls12\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Your army movements (when attacking or exploring)\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls12\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Your combat results (visible to opponents)\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 Your display name is the only personally-identifiable information visible to other players. Other players cannot see your email address, Game Center information, or any other personal data.\cb1 \
\cb3 Server-Authoritative Architecture\cb1 \
\cb3 For security and fair play, Conquest of Shadows uses a server-authoritative architecture. This means:\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls13\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
All game actions are validated by our backend servers\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls13\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Your device has read-only access to game data\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls13\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
All changes to game state (territory claims, army training, resource spending) are processed through our secure Cloud Run API\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls13\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
This prevents cheating and ensures fair gameplay for all users\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 While this architecture requires an internet connection to play, it ensures the integrity of the multiplayer experience.\cb1 \
\cb3 Changes\cb1 \
\cb3 This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by:\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls14\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Posting the updated policy on this website\'a0\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes. The "Effective Date" at the top of this policy indicates when it was last revised.\cb1 \
\cb3 Your Consent\cb1 \
\cb3 By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing" means using information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the United States.\cb1 \
\cb3 If you reside outside the United States, your information will be transferred, processed and stored there under United States privacy standards. By using the Application, you consent to this transfer and processing.\cb1 \
\cb3 Data Transfers\cb1 \
\cb3 Conquest of Shadows uses cloud services hosted in the United States. If you access the Application from outside the United States, please be aware that your information will be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States where our servers and databases are located.\cb1 \
\cb3 California Privacy Rights\cb1 \
\cb3 If you are a California resident, you have the right to request information about the personal information we collect and how we share it. You also have the right to request deletion of your personal information. To exercise these rights, please contact us at\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:LLProgramming@yahoo.com"}}{\fldrslt LLProgramming@yahoo.com}}.\cb1 \
\cb3 Contact Us\cb1 \
\cb3 If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:LLProgramming@yahoo.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \cb3 LLProgramming@yahoo.com}}}